guide/loot.md, before:

# Loot and Loot Phrases
Loot is generated prodecurally in chests, monster carcasses, graves, etc. The number, type, rarity, value, and other properties of these items can be specified using "loot phrases".

## Examples
- `num=1-3` : 1 to 3 common generic items
- `num=2,rare,food` : 2 rare food items
- `num=4-10,food,generic` : 4-10 common food or generic items
- `num=1,rare,any` : 1 rare item from any category
- `num=3,val=1-5` : 3 common generic items ranging from 1 to 5 gold in base value
- `num=1,mythical,weapon` : 1 mythical unique weapon

## Tags
Tags are the elements of a loot phrase that have specific values or ranges.
- Number of items: `num=a-b, num=n` where the value is either a range between a and b, or an exact value of n.
- Value in gold: `val=a-b` specifies a range of exact base price the items must hold

## Flags
Flags are the single-word elements of loot phrases. The types of flags are as follows:
- Rarity (essentially a rough value index): `common, rare, vrare, mythical`
- Exact Rarity (only this rarity, none below): `_common, _rare, _vrare, _mythical`
- Category: `misc, consumable, weapon, armor...`
- Negation: `-trash, -weapon, -common...`
- Specific Item: `knife, longsword, apple...`

## Sentences
You can combine loot phrases to make loot sentences. These are merely combinations of phrases to make a more robust set of item options. Examples:
- `num=1-5,food & num=1,knife` : 1 to 5 food items and one knife
Phrases can also have their own probability:
- `num=1-5,food & num=1,p=10,knife` : The knife has a 10% probability to appear in the stash

Commit message:

added: monsters use LOS, pillars in rooms, exhaustion text, allowmods attribute, items, modifiers, ability to eat at max HP, resting, pathfinding
changed: loot distribution, broken item dropping

fixed: loot phrase probability, error on delete, exhaustion

guide/loot.md, after:

# Loot and Loot Phrases
Loot is generated prodecurally in chests, monster carcasses, graves, etc. The number, type, rarity, value, and other properties of these items can be specified using "loot phrases".

## Examples
- `num=1-3` : 1 to 3 common generic items
- `num=2,rare,food` : 2 rare food items
- `num=4-10,food,generic` : 4-10 common food or generic items
- `num=1,rare,any` : 1 rare item from any category
- `num=3,val=1-5` : 3 common generic items ranging from 1 to 5 gold in base value
- `num=1,mythical,weapon` : 1 mythical unique weapon

## Tags
Tags are the elements of a loot phrase that have specific values or ranges.
- Number of items: `num=a-b, num=n` where the value is either a range between a and b, or an exact value of n.
- Value in gold: `val=a-b` specifies a range of exact base price the items must hold

## Flags
Flags are the single-word elements of loot phrases. The types of flags are as follows:
- Rarity (essentially a rough value index): `common, rare, vrare, mythical`
- Exact Rarity (only this rarity, none below): `_common, _rare, _vrare, _mythical`
- Category: `misc, consumable, weapon, armor...`
- Negation: `-trash, -weapon, -common...`
- Specific Item: `knife, longsword, apple...`

## Chance
Phrases can have chances associated with them like so:
- `num=1,p=50,rare` : 50% chance for a random rare item

## Sentences
You can combine loot phrases to make loot sentences. These are merely combinations of phrases to make a more robust set of item options. Examples:
- `num=1-5,food & num=1,knife` : 1 to 5 food items and one knife
Phrases can also have their own probability:
- `num=1-5,food & num=1,p=10,knife` : The knife has a 10% probability to appear in the stash
